Milestones 1, 2, and 3 features and requirements updated. (#30)
Capstone-Projects-2023-Spring/project-tutraffic: documentation/docs/development-plan/schedule.md

# Milestones

## Milestone Demo 1
**F1**: Object detection and identification
- R1: The system can recognize cars
	- Test set images will be used for the demonstration.
- R2: The system will be able to detect the absence of a car.
- R3: Detection accuracy >= 30%

**F2**: The system will be able to detect parking spaces.
- R1: The system can detect parking spaces in a parking lot.
	- Test set images will be used for demonstration purposes.
- R2: Detection accuracy >= 30%

**F3**: Account creation & profile management
- R1: Create user account with email and password.
- R2: Modify user email and password. 
- R3: A user should be able to delete their account.

**F4**: Raspberry Pi communication with server

> - R1: Raspberry Pi camera feed sent to datastore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- R1: Raspberry Pi measured parking spot data sent to the datastore.
```

- R2: Raspberry Pi can communicate its existence to the server.

## Milestone Demo 2
**F5**: The system should be able to identify parking spaces and whether they're occupied by a car.
- R1: Integrates F1 and F2 together.
- R2: Machine learning algorithms should also be able to detect street parking.
- R3: Improved accuracy of detection to >= 50%

> - R4: Images are sent from Raspberry Pi node and processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
